You know I've been doing this show a long,
long time and you won't believe this
I started doing this show back
when headphones still had cords.
>> [LAUGH]
>> But today something is happening that's
never happened before in
the history of this show.
Today, I'm co-hosting with
the First Lady of the United States.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> I know, isn't this exciting,
what an honor for her.
>> [APPLAUSE]
[LAUGH]
>> Michelle and
I had been preparing all day long.
The First Lady has been
studying up on the guests.
I spent the last two hours
patting myself down.
>> [LAUGH]
>> So I'm ready, I think she's ready.
So please welcome my co-host for
the day, the First Lady,
Michelle Obama
>> [APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC]
[APPLAUSE]
>> Have a seat.
Thank you for being my co-host.
And you're gonna have to squat
a little bit cuz you're too tall.
>> [LAUGH]
>> I think I'm gonna regret saying this,
but I should wear heels.
>> You're a little-
>> Yeah.
>> No, you're good down there.
>> [LAUGH] Uh-uh, no, no.
See, you're still competitive,
you're still competitive.
>> [LAUGH]
>> All right,
so I'm sure you know the number one job
of co-host is to make the host look good.
So that's your first job.
>> Well, that's an easy job for
me because you already look so good.
>> Come on.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Was that believable?
>> We’ll work on that.
>> All right.
>> All right, and
you watch my show every day so
I'm pretty sure you know
what happens next, do this.
>> [LAUGH] And now the First Lady
of the United States and
the First Lady of
Daytime Television shall dance.
>> We shall dance.
[MUSIC]
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> I am so glad you're here.
So, you came in a huge motorcade.
Where did you all park?
>> We parked right out front.
>> You parked in front?
>> Yeah.
>> Michelle you should have asked me.
No, you can't park there after 3 o'clock.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Do we have a security camera to see
what's happening there?
>> [LAUGH]
>> So while they're there-
>> That's us, everything looks good.
>> That's y'all.
You're getting a ticket.
No.
>> [LAUGH]
>> You're getting-
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Why didn't you give me some,
don't you have guest passes or something?
>> No, no.
>> I thought we were good out there.
>> No, I'm so sorry.
You were supposed to park in the structure
across the street like everybody else.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Someone's gonna be in trouble.
>> Yeah, well, they're downtown and
it's $600 a car so that's good.
>> [LAUGH]